fix: Note about access control annotation for HasUrlParameter (#3003)
vaadin/docs: articles/security/enabling-security.adoc

}
----

[interfacename]`HasErrorParameter` error view needs an access control annotation, so that Vaadin allows the navigation to it.

> Example above uses [annotationname]`@AnonymousAllowed`, but it can be also [annotationname]`@PermitAll`.

Reviewer: I assume any annotation can be used (like the developer might want to show the error view to specific roles only). Is that right? 

```suggestion
The example above uses [annotationname]`@AnonymousAllowed`, but other annotations can also be used (for example, [annotationname]`@PermitAll`).

```

Author: Yes, that's right. Thanks
